<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-about-structured-content">

    <title>About Structured Content</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Structured Content</navtitle>
    </titlealts>


    <prolog>
        <author>wrET,1606</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="other" othertype="content manager" job="other" otherjob="aggregating" />
			<!--
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Evoq Content</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="9" release="0"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
			-->
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Evoq Engage</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="8" release="5"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>


    <body>

		<section conkeyref="k-bptext/section-prodavail-E"></section>


		<section id="overview">
            <title>Structured Content Overview</title>

            <p>Structured Content is a microservice that manages <term>content items</term> or pieces of content that can be presented in any context, such as a webpage or a native mobile app.</p>

            <p>In Evoq, structured content has three types of components:
                <ul>
                    <li><uicontrol>Content Type</uicontrol>. Defines the combination of fields and configuration of a piece of content.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Visualizer</uicontrol>. The visualizer defines how the content item is formatted and styled. Just as a container is used to format and style a module, the visualizer is used to format and style the content item.</li>
                    <li><uicontrol>Content Item</uicontrol>. The individual pieces of content.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>

			<p>A content item can be of any defined <term>content type</term>. Default content types include <uicontrol>Content Block</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Department</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Job Posting</uicontrol>, and <uicontrol>People</uicontrol>. You can create a content type from scratch or you can customize a default content type by duplicating it and then editing the copy.</p>

            <p>Every content type is comprised of one or more fields of the following types:
				<ul>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-single-line-text.dita">Single-line text</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-multi-line-text.dita">Multi-line text</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-number.dita">Number</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-multiple-choice.dita">Multiple choice</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-date-time.dita">Date / Time</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-assets.dita">Assets</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-reference-object.dita">Reference object</xref></li>
					<li><xref format="dita" href="../fields/content-field-static-text.dita">Static text</xref></li>
				</ul>
			</p>

            <p>An <term>asset</term> can be an image or a document. A <term>reference object</term> points to another content item; reference objects cannot be nested.</p>

            <p>Each field can also be formed differently and, therefore, serve a different purpose. Example: The single-line text field could be used to enter plain text, a URL, an email address, or a phone number, and each one would be validated based on the selected format.</p>

			<p>Settings can be different among different field types and among different field formats.</p>

            <p>Example: The content item associated with a specific subscriber can be of the default content type <uicontrol>Person</uicontrol>. To create a content type <userinput>Employee</userinput>, you can duplicate the default content type <uicontrol>Person</uicontrol>, then add:
                <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 1*">
                    <sthead>
                        <stentry>Field Name</stentry>
                        <stentry>Field Type</stentry>
                    </sthead>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry><uicontrol>Employee Number</uicontrol></stentry>
                        <stentry>Number</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry><uicontrol>Hire Date</uicontrol></stentry>
                        <stentry>DateTime</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry><uicontrol>Annual Salary</uicontrol></stentry>
                        <stentry>Number</stentry>
                    </strow>
                    <strow>
                        <stentry><uicontrol>Direct Manager</uicontrol></stentry>
                        <stentry>Reference object</stentry>
                    </strow>
                </simpletable>
            </p>

            <p>A content type is associated with a <term>visualizer</term>, which defines how content items of that type are displayed. Visualizers are to content types, as containers are to modules.</p>

            <p>You can define multiple visualizers for a single content type. Example: You could have content items based on the <uicontrol>Person</uicontrol>content type containing employee information. You might want to display the C-suite members in larger font with photos and the rest of the company in smaller font without photos. Therefore, you need two visualizers for the <uicontrol>Person</uicontrol> content type: one with larger font and photos, another with smaller font and no photos.</p>
		</section>


        <section id="create-content">
            <title>Create Structured Content</title>
            <p>To create and use structured content,
                <ol>
                    <li>Plan your <term>workflows</term>. A workflow moves your content through the creation and approval process, from drafting to editing to publishing.</li>
                    <li>Choose what <term>content types</term> you would accept. Create custom content types, if needed.</li>
                    <li>Add <term>content</term> items. You can associate a workflow with each content item.</li>
                    <li>Choose which <term>visualizers</term> would display your content items. Create custom visualizers, if needed. </li>
                    <li>Add your content items with their associated visualizers to your page or your app.</li>
                </ol>
            </p>
        </section>


        <!--
        <section id="workflows">
            <title>Structured Content and Workflows</title>
            <p>Each content item can be associated with a workflow.</p>
        </section>
        -->

    </body>


    <related-links>
        <!-- Must be explicitly linked because the build ignores anything inside topichead tags. -->
            <link format="dita" href="create-content-type.dita" ><linktext>Create Content Type</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="edit-content-type.dita" ><linktext>Edit Content Type</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="duplicate-content-type.dita" ><linktext>Duplicate Content Type</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="delete-content-type.dita" ><linktext>Delete Content Type</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="create-visualizer.dita" ><linktext>Create Visualizer</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="edit-visualizer.dita" ><linktext>Edit Visualizer</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="delete-visualizer.dita" ><linktext>Delete Visualizer</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="visualizer-templates.dita" ><linktext>Visualizer Templates</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="create-content-item.dita" ><linktext>Create Content Item</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="edit-content-item.dita" ><linktext>Edit Content Item</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="duplicate-content-item.dita" ><linktext>Duplicate Content Item</linktext></link>
            <link format="dita" href="delete-content-item.dita" ><linktext>Delete Content Item</linktext></link>
            <!-- <link format="dita" href="add-content-item-to-page.dita" ><linktext>Add Content Item to Page</linktext></link> -->
    </related-links>

</topic>
