<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-jwtAccessToken">

    <title>JWT Access Token</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>JWT Access Token</navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>ERT</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="programmer" job="programming" />
        </metadata>
    </prolog>

    <body>

        <section id="accessToken">

            <p>The decoded access token is comprised of three parts separated by dots.</p>

            <codeblock>
    header.payload.signature
            </codeblock>

            <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 4*">
                <sthead>
                    <stentry>Component</stentry>
                    <stentry>Description</stentry>
                </sthead>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>JWT header</stentry>
                    <stentry>A JSON object containing the JWT protocol identifier and the signature scheme. The header is converted to a JavaScript Object Signing and Encryption (JOSE) header as UTF-8 octets and then encoded as a Base64 string. Example:
                        <codeblock>
    {
     "typ":"JWT",
     "alg":"HS256"
    }
                        </codeblock>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>JWT payload</stentry>
                    <stentry>A JSON object that contains the JWT claims set (asserted information about the user) or other information. Encoded as a Base64 string. The DNN JWT claims set includes the following:
                        <ul>
                            <li><varname>sid</varname> is the session id, which is fixed for the lifetime of the renewal token.</li>
                            <li><varname>role</varname> is the list of roles assigned to the user. Used in authorization to determine which areas of the site the user can access.</li>
                            <li><varname>iss</varname> is the portal alias of the site that issued the token.</li>
                            <li><varname>exp</varname> is the expiration time of the access token. The token is rejected after this time (plus a small grace period). Expressed as Unix time.</li>
                            <li><varname>nbf</varname> is the "not-before" time. The token is rejected before this time. Expressed as Unix time.</li>
                        </ul>
                        Example:
                        <codeblock>
    {
     "sid":"eecb9bf34bbb4c8eb87dbba3aa1523c6",
     "role":["Administrators","Registered Users","Subscribers"],
     "iss":"testsitece.lvh.me",
     "exp":1450834762,
     "nbf":1450830862
    }
                        </codeblock>
                    </stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry>JWT signature</stentry>
                    <stentry>The hash/encryption of the header and payload. The encryption method is stated in the header. Encoded as a Base64 string.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>

        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
