<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-DNN-security">

    <title>DNN Security</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>DNN Security</navtitle>
    </titlealts>


    <prolog>
        <author>wrET,trCP,1703</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2017"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="content manager" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="community manager" />
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Platform</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="8" release="5"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Evoq Content</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="9" release="0"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Evoq Engage</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="9" release="0"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- Source: http://www.dnnsoftware.com/wiki/security -->


        <section id="overview">
            <p>DNN makes every effort to quickly analyze reported security issues and to provide workarounds and releases that address those issues as required.</p>
        </section>

        <section id="reporting">
            <title>Reporting Security Issues</title>

            <p>To report potential security issues and questionable security scan results, please contact DNN by email at <xref format="html" scope="external" href="mailto:security@dnnsoftware.com">security@dnnsoftware.com</xref>.</p>

            <p>All submissions are viewed by members of the DNN Security Task Force only. Submissions are discussed outside the Task Force, only if permitted by the individual or company that reported the issue.</p>

        </section>


        <section id="severitylevels">
            <title>Severity Levels</title>

            <p>Each confirmed issue is assigned a severity level (<term>Critical</term>, <term>Moderate</term>, or <term>Low</term>) based on its potential impact on the security of DNN installations.</p>

            <simpletable relcolwidth="1* 3*">
                <sthead>
                    <stentry>Severity Level</stentry>
                    <stentry>Description</stentry>
                </sthead>
                <strow>
                    <stentry><term>Critical</term></stentry>
                    <stentry>The security issue can be exploited by a remote attacker to gain access to DNN data or functionality. Security bulletins for all critical issues include a recommended workaround or a fix that must be applied as soon as possible.</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry><term>Moderate</term></stentry>
                    <stentry>The security issue can compromise data or functionality on a portal/website only, if some other condition is met; e.g., if a specific module is installed or if a user in a specific role logs in. Security bulletins for moderate issues typically include recommended actions to resolve the issue.</stentry>
                </strow>
                <strow>
                    <stentry><term>Low</term></stentry>
                    <stentry>The security issue is very difficult to exploit or has a limited potential impact.</stentry>
                </strow>
            </simpletable>
        </section>


        <section id="securitybulletins">
            <title>Security Bulletins</title>

            <p>The Security Task Force publishes security bulletins in <xref format="html" scope="external" href="http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community-blog">the DNN blog</xref>, in forum posts, and sometimes by email. Each bulletin includes details about the issue, the affected DNN versions, and suggested fixes or workarounds.</p>

            <p><xref format="html" scope="external" href="http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community/security/security-center">View the full list of known and resolved issues and their bulletins.</xref></p>
        </section>


        <section id="retiredversions">
            <title>Security Support for Retired Versions</title>

            <p>Bug fixes and enhancements are applied only to the most recent major release. Previous releases are considered retired. Example: After version 9.0 was released, all 8.x versions were considered retired.</p>

            <p>However, DNN continues to provide maintenance releases for retired versions that are affected by a newly discovered security issue, up to one year after the version is retired. Example: 8.x versions were retired when 9.0 was released on 2016 December 9; however, if DNN becomes aware of a security issue that affects 8.x, a security maintenance release will still be published for 8.x until 2017 December 9.</p>

            <p><xref format="dita" href="product-versions.dita">View release dates for DNN versions.</xref></p>
        </section>


    </body>

    <related-links>
        <link format="html" scope="external" href="http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community/security/security-center"><linktext>DNN Security Center</linktext></link>
        <link format="html" scope="external" href="http://www.dnnsoftware.com/community-blog"><linktext>DNN blog</linktext></link>
    </related-links>

</topic>
