<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-DNN8WhatsNew">


    <title>What's New in DNN Platform 8.0 and Evoq 8.3</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>What's New</navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>ERT</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>
    </prolog>

    <body>

        <section id="DNNPlatform8Updates">
            <title>DNN Platform 8.0 updates</title>

            <p>The following are updates geared towards extension developers and theme designers:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Single Page Application (SPA) and MVC modules are now supported, so developers can create non-Webforms-based modules. Visual Studio 2015 templates for both types are also released.</li>
                <li>The module settings API was updated to support strongly typed settings.</li>
                <li>Incremental upgrade support is now possible through <b>SqlDataProvider</b>, cleanup files, and configuration merge files. This allows changes to the platform or third-party extensions without requiring a new versioned release.</li>
                <li>Extension developers can now create admin and host pages through the DNN Manifest (.dnn).</li>
                <li>Developers can now exclude individual CSS and/or JS files from being loaded or combined during minification through a new control.</li>
                <li><b>Default.css</b> now has versioning support, which can be set by theme designers to reduce the CSS that their themes need to override.</li>
                <li>Third party components (CodeMirror and Newtonsoft) were upgraded to newer versions.</li>
                <li>DAL 2 is enhanced to add a fluent configuration API that allows developers to separate their data implementation details from their models.</li>
                <li>The DNN Platform now uses Web API 2.0.</li>
                <li>JSON Web Token (JWT) authentication support is added to allow developers a way to expose WebAPI services for consumption outside of the framework, such as mobile applications. <b>Warning:</b> This feature is still in beta.</li>
            </ul>

            <p>Additional changes:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>A new image handler is exposed to developers to be used for profile pictures throughout the application.</li>
                <li>CK Editor is the new default HTML provider in new installations (replacing the Telerik RadEditor as default).</li>
                <li>A number of Administration modules (including Vendors, Site Log, Newsletters) were removed from the base installation.</li>
                <li>A new default theme that uses Bootstrap 3 is now available.</li>
                <li>The base project was converted from a Website Project (WSP) to a Web Application Project (WAP) to help reduce application startup time.</li>
                <li>The page output caching provider was moved from Evoq to the DNN Platform.</li>
                <li>Password resets now use the same token as long as it isn't expired. This means that, if the user clicks <b>Send password</b> multiple times quickly, only a single token will be generated.</li>
                <li>Password inputs now allow 39 characters instead of 20.</li>
                <li>The default robots.txt now allows client-side resources to be indexed.</li>
                <li>Text used throughout the entire application were reviewed for consistency.</li>
                <li>The Breadcrumb theme object now outputs schema.org markup.</li>
                <li>Fixed: The issue where some platform functionality injected CSS files too late, so that they couldn't be modified by skin.css.</li>
                <li>SMTP now supports TLS authentication.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>


        <section>
            <title>Evoq Content Basic 8.3 updates</title>

            <p>All updates in DNN Platform 8.0, plus:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Administrators can now manage a user's roles within the Users section of the Persona bar.</li>
                <li>Fixed: Several issues around generating URLs for Digital Asset Manager.</li>
                <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>


        <section>
            <title>Evoq Content 8.3 updates</title>

            <p>All updates in Evoq Content Basic 8.3, plus:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>The new Optimizely connector and module provides a way to do A/B (split) testing within Evoq.</li>
                <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>


        <section>
            <title>Evoq Engage 8.3 updates</title>

            <p>All updates in Evoq Content 8.3, plus:</p>
            <ul>
                <li>Users can now subscribe to activity stream posts and associated comments for items created within the activity stream.</li>
                <li>Emojis are now supported in the activity stream.</li>
                <li>The activity stream comment area now provides the same experience as creating a new post (support for images, videos, etc.).</li>
                <li>Notifications for votes on Ideas were removed.</li>
                <li>Comments in the Discussions module are now sortable by date, chronologically or reverse-chronologically. This sorting ability is also available for third-party extensions that use the Comments feature of Evoq Engage.</li>
                <li>Users can now delete posts made by other users from their own activity stream.</li>
                <li>Fixed: Issues where Ideas votes cannot be returned or added back.</li>
                <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
            </ul>
        </section>

    </body>


    <related-links>
        <link format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/619410"><linktext>DNN Installation in Codeplex</linktext></link>
        <link format="html" scope="external" href="http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog"><linktext>DNN Software Downloads</linktext></link>
    </related-links>

</topic>
