<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2014-mar-19">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2014 Mar 19</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">7.2.2</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/119857">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <ul>
                    <li>Fixed issue where Display Name was editable when when a Display Name format was specified.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue with Portal Templates and modules that are configured to Display On All Pages.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced so that system confirmation is required when Unregistering a User Account.</li>
                    <li>Changed default module output caching provider from disk to memory.</li>
                    <li>Ensure that system modules are identified in the system so they cant be uninstalled.</li>
                    <li>Added a querystring parameter that allows you to hide the control panel.</li>
                    <li>Added a detailed message when deleting a page with child pages.</li>
                    <li>Added an alternate link with "hreflang" to sitemap.aspx for multilingual websites.</li>
                    <li>Disabled autocomplete on password strength controller.</li>
                    <li>Advanced search tags allow html/script and can break rendering.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where exceptions were thrown if old user profiles are missing during indexing.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Journal API to allow edited Comments to be liked.</li>
                    <li>If a custom Register page is specified, prevent user from browsing to Register.aspx.</li>
                    <li>Fixed JavaScript error in Digital Asset Manager module in IE8.</li>
                    <li>Changed tokens in module creator templates so they do not show up as errors in Visual Studio.</li>
                    <li>Added a confirmation prompt when deleting modules from Page Management.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Site Management so you can filter by "ALL".</li>
                    <li>Fixed thread safety issue in DotNetNuke.Common.Utilities.ImageUtils where imgWidth and imgHeight were statics.</li>
                    <li>Fixed link to app gallery.</li>
                    <li>Fixed ability to specify an Upload To location when uploading files.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue with IconBar in DNN 7.2.0+.</li>
                    <li>Reduced scope of dnn.DropDownList.css.</li>
                    <li>Improved performance of Update Host Settings which caused too many cached objects to be removed.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Password Reset so that it is hidden after a duccessful entry.</li>
                    <li>Improved editing style for SQL Module.</li>
                    <li>Allow Default skins to be removed.</li>
                    <li>Fixed exception when Editing a registered user for the first time.</li>
                    <li>Allowed sub*sub menus to be accessible in default skin.</li>
                    <li>Optimized indexes on Eventlog Table.</li>
                    <li>Allow password banned list to be disabled.</li>
                    <li>Allow Page URLs to contain spaces.</li>
                    <li>Fixed numerous typos in resource files.</li>
                    <li>Optimized indexes on TabModules table.</li>
                    <li>Optimized indexes on Tabs table.</li>
                    <li>Optimized indexes on Permissions tables.</li>
                    <li>Fixed deny permissions for Folder.</li>
                    <li>Added ability to add new Folder Provider.</li>
                    <li>Fixed error so that non*members can join a Private Group.</li>
                    <li>Optimized logic of numerous stored procedures and views.</li>
                    <li>Allow a custom URL with different domain.</li>
                    <li>Allow host user to set max upload size.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when switchinf to layout mode on Site Settings page.</li>
                    <li>Allow CAPTCHA to be used on reset password page.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Profile Picture Handler to work in SSL Offloading configuration.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced DDR Menu to be Touch Friendly for Mobile and Tablets.</li>
                    <li>Added basic Robots.txt in root folder.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Password Retrieval issue.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where Language detection was not working with advanced URL management.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where IUpgradable did not fire from a Library type extension.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced file upload control to support folders with large volumes of files.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced file upload to be able to upload from URL.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where additional parameters passed as string array in NavigateURL() and EditUrl() are ignored.</li>
                    <li>Optimized search query sent to Lucene.</li>
                    <li>Enhancement to allow separate modules to use the same module definition name.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">7.2.2</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"/> -->

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2014-mar-19.dita#top-relnotes-2014-mar-19/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <p>DNN EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 7.2.2.</li>
                    <li>Added new Print button to Commerce receipts.</li>
                    <li>Implemented change to allow Vanity URLs in unicode based languages.</li>
                    <li>Implemented change to allow redirected pages and their child pages to be copied.</li>
                    <li>Fixed various installation errors.</li>
                    <li>Fixed error when javascript CDN enabled.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue with adding Folder Types in File Manager.</li>
                    <li>Fixed error for search results on external DNN websites.</li>
                    <li>Fixed problem with incorrect extensions image path breaking Extensions page.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue switching to/from SSL using client redirect.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"/> -->
        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
