<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2016-jan-14">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2016 Jan 14</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">8.0.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/619410">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <p>The following are breaking changes that can impact upgrades as well as third-party extensions:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>.NET 4.5.1 or higher is now required.</li>
                    <li>Removed the following administration modules from the product: Site Log, Newsletters, Vendors, and Banners. Although no longer supported, these can be downloaded from <xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://github.com/DNNCommunity">DNNCommunity in GitHub</xref>.</li>
                    <li>Removed the following navigation providers: ASP2Menu, DNNDropDown, DNNMenu, DNNTree, Solpart.</li>
                    <li>Removed the following functionality/modules: What’s New, Feed Browser, Widget Framework, Getting Started, Content List.</li>
                    <li>Removed the legacy appSetting connection string. Modules that have not been updated for this change in the past years will now break.</li>
                    <li>Moved Telerik controls to a new assembly, requiring third-party extensions to recompile to continue to work. This will be phased out completely in subsequent releases.</li>
                    <li>Removed support for Internet Explorer 8.</li>
                    <li>These third party modules (core modules that formerly shipped with the Platform) break in this upgrade and must be upgraded:
                        <ul>
                            <li><xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://github.com/DNNCommunity/DNN.Faq">FAQ</xref></li>
                            <li><xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://github.com/DNNCommunity/DNN.Feedback">Feedback</xref></li>
                            <li><xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://github.com/DNNCommunity/DNN.IFrame">IFrame</xref></li>
                            <li><xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://github.com/DNNCommunity/DNN.Events">Events</xref></li>
                            <li><xref format="html" scope="external" href="https://github.com/DNNCommunity/DNN.FormAndList">Form and List</xref></li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>

                <p>The following updates are geared towards extension developers and theme designers:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Single Page Application (SPA) and MVC modules are now supported, so developers can create non-Webforms-based modules. Visual Studio 2015 templates for both types are also released.</li>
                    <li>The module settings API was updated to support strongly typed settings.</li>
                    <li>Incremental upgrade support is now possible through <b>SqlDataProvider</b>, cleanup files, and configuration merge files. This allows changes to the platform or third-party extensions without requiring a new versioned release.</li>
                    <li>Extension developers can now create admin and host pages through the DNN Manifest (.dnn).</li>
                    <li>Developers can now exclude individual CSS and/or JS files from being loaded or combined during minification through a new control.</li>
                    <li><b>Default.css</b> now has versioning support, which can be set by theme designers to reduce the CSS that their themes need to override.</li>
                    <li>Third party components (CodeMirror and Newtonsoft) were upgraded to newer versions.</li>
                    <li>DAL 2 is enhanced to add a fluent configuration API that allows developers to separate their data implementation details from their models.</li>
                    <li>The DNN Platform now uses Web API 2.0.</li>
                    <li>JSON Web Token (JWT) authentication support is added to allow developers a way to expose WebAPI services for consumption outside of the framework, such as mobile applications. <b>Warning:</b> This feature is still in beta.</li>
                </ul>

                <p>Additional changes:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>A new image handler is exposed to developers to be used for profile pictures throughout the application.</li>
                    <li>CK Editor is the new default HTML provider in new installations (replacing the Telerik RadEditor as default).</li>
                    <li>A number of Administration modules (including Vendors, Site Log, Newsletters) were removed from the base installation.</li>
                    <li>A new default theme that uses Bootstrap 3 is now available.</li>
                    <li>The base project was converted from a Website Project (WSP) to a Web Application Project (WAP) to help reduce application startup time.</li>
                    <li>The page output caching provider was moved from Evoq to the DNN Platform.</li>
                    <li>Password resets now use the same token as long as it isn't expired. This means that, if the user clicks <b>Send password</b> multiple times quickly, only a single token will be generated.</li>
                    <li>Password inputs now allow 39 characters instead of 20.</li>
                    <li>The default robots.txt now allows client-side resources to be indexed.</li>
                    <li>Text used throughout the entire application were reviewed for consistency.</li>
                    <li>The Breadcrumb theme object now outputs schema.org markup.</li>
                    <li>Fixed: The issue where some platform functionality injected CSS files too late, so that they couldn't be modified by skin.css.</li>
                    <li>SMTP now supports TLS authentication.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">8.3.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic">
                <p>EVOQ CONTENT BASIC</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 8.0.0.</li>
                    <li>Added ability to manage a user’s roles within the Users section of the Persona Bar.</li>
                    <li>Corrected several problems around generating URLs for Digital Asset Manager.</li>
                    <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <p>EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with Evoq Content Basic 8.3.0.</li>
                    <li>Added Optimizely connector and module that provides a way to do A/B (split) testing within Evoq.</li>
                    <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage">
                <p>EVOQ ENGAGE</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with Evoq Content 8.3.</li>
                    <li>Added ability to subscribe to activity stream posts and their comments (for items created within the activity stream).</li>
                    <li>Added emoji support in activity stream.</li>
                    <li>Updated activity stream comment area to provide the same experience as creating a new post (support for images, videos, etc.).</li>
                    <li>Removed notifications for votes on Ideas.</li>
                    <li>Added ability to sort comments in Discussions module by newest or oldest (also available for third party extensions utilizing the commenting control of Engage).</li>
                    <li>Made it possible for users to delete posts from other users on their own activity stream.</li>
                    <li>Corrected problems where Ideas votes may not be returned or added back.</li>
                    <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
