<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2013-may-01">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2013 May 01</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">7.0.6</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/105676">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <ul>
                    <li>Fixed issue that caused broken links when changing the name of a page.</li>
                    <li>Added search capabilities in the page management section.</li>
                    <li>Added new funtionality to the Member Directory so that users can choose between the different search options.</li>
                    <li>When creating a social group the newly created role group is now set as the default group.</li>
                    <li>Implemented new functionality to allow users to hid the login button in the default skin.</li>
                    <li>Removed the module and skin templates from the Starter Kit package.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that shows an error when registration is set to unique display name.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that made child site files not to show when managing sites.</li>
                    <li>Fixed UX issue when changing the file size in the configuration management section.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the Journal module where followers could see posts that are meant for friends only.</li>
                    <li>Fixed paging conflict between roles and users in the users' accounts screen.</li>
                    <li>Added new functionality that allows users to see all the social groups they belong to.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where separating a site from a group would not copy all the users.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when creating a page from a template when the template has modules that are set to display on all pages.</li>
                    <li>Removed the "-" from the invalid character list for page names.</li>
                    <li>Fixed the styling in the date time picker to display the time.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that shown the tokens when searching for pages.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that made the site redirection management screen to not work correctly when pop ups are disabled.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where exported templates point to the incorrect site settings.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that caused Social Group Roles to be limited to the Global Role group.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when page names include a ":" colon.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where scheduler runs overlap when retry is set to a short interval.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue with modules that are expected to display in all pages and Content Localization is enabled.</li>
                    <li>Implemented auto-refresh functionality in the message center so that users can see updates in real time without refreshing the page.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">7.0.6</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"/> -->

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2013-may-01.dita#top-relnotes-2013-may-01/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <p>EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 7.0.6.</li>
                    <li>Fixed the date when expiration emails were sent when documents expired in Document Library.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced the performance in the Links Module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that made avatar image to not show on the user profile next to the login link.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where unnecessary client dependency files were created.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where an unauthorized error was shown in when accessing the Journal through WebAPI incorrectly.</li>
                    <li>Fixed UX issue in the workflow state in the HTML Module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed memory leak in Search Crawler that affected the performance when crawling the site.</li>
                    <li>Implemented the command timeout in PetaPocoHelper.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where deleted HTML Modules appear in the MyWork section.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where the Console Module does not display the icons corrctly when creating a social group.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when uploading files with an ampersand in the name through the HTML Module.</li>
                    <li>Implemented setting in the HTML to manage the length of the HTMLTextController.</li>
                    <li>Updated the user agent user when the searchcrawler crawls the site.</li>
                    <li>Security:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Fixed code that generates pop ups and can potentially allow for javascript / HTML injection. <!-- See the bulletin here. --></li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"/> -->
        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
