<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2013-aug-13">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2013 Aug 13</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">7.1.1</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/110757">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <ul>
                    <li>Fixed issue where vanity URL was not working correctly in FireFox.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where default Friendly URL setting was missing for the doNotRewriteRegex.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where language URLs were not working.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where adding a new page resulted in an error message.</li>
                    <li>Added the ability to define a standard prefix to vanity URLs.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where the unauthenticated role permissions were not being applied.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where password strength meter was missing for sites upgraded to 7.1.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where the Search Admin was missing a resx file in the mobile site template.</li>
                    <li>Updated RadControls for ASP.Net Ajax to the Q2 2013 release.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where hard-deleting a user resulted in an error.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where localization would stop working.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where progress bar does not show any progress in the Digital Asset Manager.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where removing a custom page URL causes a redirect to the home page.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where language aliases are not created when importing a site with content localization.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where upgrades from 6.1.5 would cause numerous error log entries regarding potentially dangerous request.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where disabling anonymous authentication with AD provider installed causes 404 error.</li>
                    <li>Security:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Fixed potential reflective xss issue.</li>
                            <li>Fixed issue where malformed html may allow XSS.</li>
                            <li>Fixed issue that could lead to redirect 'Phishing' attack.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <section id="section-relnotes-platform-older-versions">
            <title>DOTNETNUKE PLATFORM 6.2.9</title>
            <sectiondiv>
                <p><xref format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/110758">CodePlex</xref></p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Security:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Fixed potential reflective xss issue.</li>
                            <li>Fixed issue where malformed html may allow XSS.</li>
                            <li>Fixed issue that could lead to redirect 'Phishing' attack.</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">7.1.1</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"/> -->

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2013-aug-13.dita#top-relnotes-2013-aug-13/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <p>EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 7.1.1.</li>
                    <li>Fixed performance issue when creating a site group with a large set of users.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where an exception was being thrown when viewing documents statistics in Document Library and using IE 10.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the Digital Assets Manager Module where empty .txt files were getting deleted.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that was causing an error in the single sign on functionality when Active Directory was used.</li>
                    <li>Added new functionality to the Digital Assets Manager module to allow users to set a default folder type when creating new folders.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where only the root folder was being extracted when doing a zip upload with the unzip option checked.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the Digital Assets Manager module where .xlsx icons were not being shown.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the Client Dependency Framework where an exception was thrown when using GethostByAddress.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced security in the Journal module so that unverified users cannot access the information.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the Digital Assets Manager module where users with full control privileges were not able to upload documents.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"/> -->

        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
