<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2013-jul-09">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2013 Jul 09</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">7.1.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/108560">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <ul id="ul-relnotes-platform-7.1.0">
                    <li>Implemented functionality so that users are able to assign custom CSS to pages without modifying the skin.</li>
                    <li>Updated to JQuery 1.9.1.</li>
                    <li>Implemented auto-complete functinoality in the taxonomy module.</li>
                    <li>Updated the page and user selector controls to improve the experience in larger sites with multiple users.</li>
                    <li>Implemented a warning message for Azure users when they install a module that does not have the Azure Compatible flag.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where users were being logged out if switching between www.domain.com and domain.com.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when exporting and importing a template where content localization is enabled.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where data was not being cleaned up after removing a folder provider.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that made modules not to render corectly when module caching was enabled through the Client Resource Management Framework.</li>
                    <li>Added support for accents in profile properties.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where calling the GetUserByVanityUrl function was throwing an error.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <section id="section-relnotes-platform-older-versions">
            <title>DOTNETNUKE PLATFORM 6.2.8</title>
            <sectiondiv>
                <p><xref format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/108860">CodePlex</xref></p>
                <ul id="ul-relnotes-platform-6.2.8">
                    <li>Fixed issue where the application throws an Unhandled Error and an HTTP Response Code of 200 when the connection to the database is lost.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section id="section-relnotes-evoqbasic"/> -->


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">7.1.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-evoqbasic"/> -->

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2013-jul-09.dita#top-relnotes-2013-jul-09/sectiondiv-relnotes-evoq"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-evoq">
                <p>EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul id="ul-relnotes-content-7.1.0">
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 7.1.0.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the File Manager page when the user tried to refresh a page using F5.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where new PDF documents were not indexed by the search crawler.</li>
                    <li>Implemented new functionality to roll back changes when enabling Content Localization fails.</li>
                    <li>Updated the neat upload assembly that was causing errors when uploading documents to document library.</li>
                    <li>Fixed UI issue in Document Library's security settings.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that stopped users from adding attachments from the local drive whens sending messages.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where admin and host pages were being indexed when crawling the site as an administrator.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue in the linkclick functionality when linking to documents stored in the Amazon S3 provider.</li>
                    <li>Replaced the page selector control to improve performance in large websites.</li>
                    <li>Fixed UI issue where pop ups were not rendered centered in the page.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that stopped users from uploading files to Azure from the Image Manager.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when creating sites from a template.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where only the first site alias was used when multiple aliases were created.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where visitors using IE were getting a "mixed content warning" when SSL Offloading was enabled.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue when uploading files form the HTML Module to a UNC Folder.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where folder names were changed to lower case when upgrading Document Library.</li>
                    <li>Added the Company Name filed to the Commerce Module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that stopped users from uploading mp4 files through the HTML Module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where HTML workflow notifications were not sent to Administrators.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue that stopped users from creating sub pages from templates.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where manual synchronization was not working correctly in Document Library.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"/> -->
        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
