<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2015-may-26">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2015 May 26</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">7.4.1</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/615317">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <ul>
                    <li>Fixed race condition which could cause errors during file upload.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where country profile property can cause registration to fail.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where calendar control breaks in Arabic language.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where Italian Language pack causes error on Host Settings.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where Twitter Provider fails to create unique DNN login names.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where creating a social group can fail in the "All Roles" mode.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where custom url providers can't be disabled.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where upgrades can fail if portalsettings has invalid values.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where permissions can't be applied to a shared module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where url rewriting is broken for non-2 letter culture codes.</li>
                    <li>Fixed performance issue where missing page doctype causes excessive file lookups.</li>
                    <li>Fixed performance issue where testing for local URIs causes slow DNS lookups.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issues where removing large number of unauthorized users would fail.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where RazorHost did not follow standard Razor Engine behavior.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where JavaScript library version number cannot hold full value for some libraries.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where JavaScript libraries don't work in cached modules.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where JavaScript library API doesn't immport full dependency tree.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where 404 page was included in the sitemap.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where en-us systemlocale was hardcoded in PortalSettings API.</li>
                    <li>Fixed performance issue where some HttpModules were executed for static file requests.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where user registration can fail with long passwords.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where Country properties were returning numeric id rather than value.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where browser language detection fails.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where URLs are not exported correctly in page content.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where switching languages removes the query string parameters.</li>
                    <li>Added new Security Analyzer module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed caching issues with multi-language portal settings.</li>
                    <li>Security:
                        <ul>
                            <li>Fixed account creation issue in install wizard (critical).</li>
                            <li>Fixed request forgery issue in file upload component (low).</li>
                            <li>Fixed information leakage issue for file existence (low).</li>
                            <li>Fixed information leakage issue for installed version (low).</li>
                        </ul>
                    </li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">8.1.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic">
                <p>DNN EVOQ CONTENT BASIC</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 7.4.1.</li>
                    <li>Improved the overall experience for IE 9 users.</li>
                    <li>Exposed page analytics in mobile view.</li>
                    <li>Added a new content analytics engine that allows page and site traffic to be tracked and reviewed.</li>
                    <li>Turned the dashboard’s navigation summary page names into links that load the page analytics of those pages (so you no longer need to navigate to a page to view its analytics).</li>
                    <li>Enhanced the usability of the Recycle Bin (in the Persona Bar), also made it a submenu item under Manage.</li>
                    <li>Moved the template section to a submenu item under Manage and updated the creation UI to be more consistent with the rest of the product.</li>
                    <li>Refined the create page experience and enabled page publish scheduling.</li>
                    <li>Updated Content Layout to handle responsive design and content properly.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <p>DNN EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with Evoq Content Basic 8.1.0.</li>
                    <li>Added new Publisher content authoring module that ties into advanced workflow and provides an authoring experience similar to creating and editing page content.</li>
                    <li>Added Disqus connector that is tightly integrated with the new Publisher module.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced it so Content Managers/editors cannot create personalized versions of pages that shouldn’t be personalized (template pages, user profile pages, etc.).</li>
                    <li>Added validation to UI when combining various rules for personalized pages to avoid the creation of a personalized page that could never be accessed.</li>
                    <li>Refined how unpublished deleted personalized pages are handled, they are immediately removed (hard deleted, along with any modules on the page) and NOT available in the recycle bin.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2015-may-26.dita#top-relnotes-2015-may-26/sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage">
                <p>DNN EVOQ ENGAGE</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with Evoq Content 8.1.0.</li>
                    <li>Added Zendesk connector and module that allows end users to create, comment on and view Zendesk tickets from within your Engage website.</li>
                    <li>Added ability to sort by date created in list views of Answers and Ideas.</li>
                    <li>Added totals to all line charts in Dashboard reports.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced page analytics to handle all user generated content, so it is now tracked as an independent URL.</li>
                    <li>Updated how votes on questions/answers are added/removed with relation to gaming mechanics to avoid users abusing the system.</li>
                    <li>Added more scoring actions to track and reward various profile update activity.</li>
                    <li>Changed in-context analytics to show page traffic analytics instead of community health indicators (these are still accessible via the dashboard).</li>
                    <li>Made default visibility of Activity Stream entries to group members only, when in group mode.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced social connectors to return more insightful messaging when connections fail.</li>
                    <li>Stopped pushing updates to the journal when groups are updated, so you no longer see these in the Activity Stream (any previous entries are still available, in upgrades).</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
