<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14">


    <title>Release Notes &#8212; 2016 Jan 14</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes 2016 Jan 14</navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>
    </prolog>

    <body>

        <section id="section-reldate">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/ph-reldate"></ph> -->
            <p>Released <ph id="ph-reldate">2016 Jan 14</ph>.</p>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">8.0.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/619410">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <p>The following updates are geared towards extension developers and theme designers:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>Single Page Application (SPA) and MVC modules are now supported, so developers can create non-Webforms-based modules. Visual Studio 2015 templates for both types are also released.</li>
                    <li>The module settings API was updated to support strongly typed settings.</li>
                    <li>Incremental upgrade support is now possible through <b>SqlDataProvider</b>, cleanup files, and configuration merge files. This allows changes to the platform or third-party extensions without requiring a new versioned release.</li>
                    <li>Extension developers can now create admin and host pages through the DNN Manifest (.dnn).</li>
                    <li>Developers can now exclude individual CSS and/or JS files from being loaded or combined during minification through a new control.</li>
                    <li><b>Default.css</b> now has versioning support, which can be set by theme designers to reduce the CSS that their themes need to override.</li>
                    <li>Third party components (CodeMirror and Newtonsoft) were upgraded to newer versions.</li>
                    <li>DAL 2 is enhanced to add a fluent configuration API that allows developers to separate their data implementation details from their models.</li>
                    <li>The DNN Platform now uses Web API 2.0.</li>
                    <li>JSON Web Token (JWT) authentication support is added to allow developers a way to expose WebAPI services for consumption outside of the framework, such as mobile applications. <b>Warning:</b> This feature is still in beta.</li>
                </ul>

                <p>Additional changes:</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>A new image handler is exposed to developers to be used for profile pictures throughout the application.</li>
                    <li>CK Editor is the new default HTML provider in new installations (replacing the Telerik RadEditor as default).</li>
                    <li>A number of Administration modules (including Vendors, Site Log, Newsletters) were removed from the base installation.</li>
                    <li>A new default theme that uses Bootstrap 3 is now available.</li>
                    <li>The base project was converted from a Website Project (WSP) to a Web Application Project (WAP) to help reduce application startup time.</li>
                    <li>The page output caching provider was moved from Evoq to the DNN Platform.</li>
                    <li>Password resets now use the same token as long as it isn't expired. This means that, if the user clicks <b>Send password</b> multiple times quickly, only a single token will be generated.</li>
                    <li>Password inputs now allow 39 characters instead of 20.</li>
                    <li>The default robots.txt now allows client-side resources to be indexed.</li>
                    <li>Text used throughout the entire application were reviewed for consistency.</li>
                    <li>The Breadcrumb theme object now outputs schema.org markup.</li>
                    <li>Fixed: The issue where some platform functionality injected CSS files too late, so that they couldn't be modified by skin.css.</li>
                    <li>SMTP now supports TLS authentication.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/section-relnotes-contentbasic"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-contentbasic">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>EVOQ CONTENT BASIC <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">8.3.0</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic">
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 8.0.</li>
                    <li>Added ability to manage a user’s roles within the Users section of the Persona Bar.</li>
                    <li>Corrected several problems around generating URLs for Digital Asset Manager.</li>
                    <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/section-relnotes-content"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-content">
            <title>EVOQ CONTENT <ph conref="#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2016-Jan-14.dita#top-relnotes-2016-Jan-14/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with Evoq Content Basic 8.3.</li>
                    <li>Added Optimizely connector and module that provides a way to do A/B (split) testing within Evoq.</li>
                    <li>Additional minor enhancements and bug fixes.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section id="section-relnotes-engage">
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"/>
        </section> -->

    </body>

</topic>
