<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-relnotes-2014-jan-21">


    <title>DNN Release Notes &#8212; <ph id="ph-reldate">2014 Jan 21</ph></title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Release Notes <ph conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/ph-reldate"></ph></navtitle>
    </titlealts>

    <prolog>
        <author>orCP,edET,1607</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience job="evaluating" />
            <audience job="installing" />
            <audience type="administrator" />
            <audience type="programmer" />
            <audience type="other" othertype="designer" />
        </metadata>

        <!--
        Sources:
            http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/customer-support/success-network/software-downloads/changelog-archive
            http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/
        -->
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/section-relnotes-platform"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-platform">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/ph-prodver-platform"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN PLATFORM <ph id="ph-prodver-platform">7.2.1</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/sectiondiv-relnotes-platform"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-platform">
                <!-- <xref conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/xref-codeplex-link"></xref> -->
                <p><xref id="xref-codeplex-link" format="html" scope="external" href="http://dotnetnuke.codeplex.com/releases/view/117545">CodePlex</xref></p>

                <ul>
                    <li>Fixed issue where .dnn7 manifest was not being utilized in module installation process.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where restored user could not change his profile avatar.</li>
                    <li>Added .ashx to regex filter for Do Not Redirect rule in advanced url management.</li>
                    <li>Added various SQL database optimizations contributed by Sebastian Leupold.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue with rich text editor in Newsletters in Firefox.</li>
                    <li>Fixed copy page so that all properties are copied.</li>
                    <li>Fixed UI issue when managing Authentication providers.</li>
                    <li>Fixed browser compatibility issue when managing Available Modules in Site Settings.</li>
                    <li>Fixed defaults of billing and trial values when adding security roles.</li>
                    <li>Added a 404 page to the blank site template.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where config element in module manifest throws errors when XML Merge script is in separate file.</li>
                    <li>Fixed terminology when changing password as Administrator.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Console module so that it ignores pages that are not intended to be included in the menu.</li>
                    <li>Fixed access control so that Deny permissions always ovveride Grant permissions.</li>
                    <li>Fixed access control so that Navigate permission can be denied.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced permissions grid so that full control specification can not be overridden for specific permissions.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced control panel so that Stay In Edit Mode option is always available.</li>
                    <li>Make application FIPS compliant.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue preventing DAM from being used in Group mode.</li>
                    <li>Fixed javascript issue in DNNMenuProvider.</li>
                    <li>Fixed access control so that module level permissions are observed for all individualpermission types.</li>
                    <li>Disabled field validation when changing countries during registration.</li>
                    <li>ModuleSettingsPresenterBased now instantiates ModuleSettings and TabModuleSettings.</li>
                    <li>Fixed exception when composing new message to user.</li>
                    <li>GetUserRoles will now return an empty list if the user is not valid.</li>
                    <li>Made Group pending notification URLs absolute.</li>
                    <li>Allow a user using the Windows Live authentication provider to be a member of multiple portals.</li>
                    <li>Removed inline style in Logo skin object.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Member Directory issue where the same user is displayed multiple times.</li>
                    <li>Added stored procedure to prevent error when uninstalling dashboard extension.</li>
                    <li>Improved Newsletters so you can send to Social Groups as well as Security Roles.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where page with a future publish date can not be edited.</li>
                    <li>Allow a user to specify both a date and time for publishing in module settings.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where UserInfo object did not contain LastIPAddress.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Site Group behavior so that Site Settings are populated with current portal properties.</li>
                    <li>Improved performance of loading folders that contain a large volume of files.</li>
                    <li>Fixed scheduler so that Application_Start is recognized when using Request mode.</li>
                    <li>Fixed search by tag functionality.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Users Online so that it is thread-safe.</li>
                    <li>Enhancement so that Google Analytics does not track admin or host user activity.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced Test SMTP options so that it tells you who the email was sent from and to.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue preventing the closing of the "Welcome to Your Installation" pop up.</li>
                    <li>Search crawler enhanced to include host pages.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue causing SendMail to crash when sending blank value for to, cc or bcc.</li>
                    <li>Fixed user profile so that users can view their friends profile info if security is set to Friends.</li>
                    <li>Fixed Splash page behavior.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issues where updating a journal item was creating a new record instead of updating existing one.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where upgrading from an older version was not cleaning up auth systems, providers and optional modules.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced uploading new extension experience to show progress indicator.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where User could not reply to Message.</li>
                    <li>Added new host setting to optionally disable critical error reports displayed in page.</li>
                    <li>Fixed upgrade issue if previous version of module creator was installed.</li>
                    <li>Fixed an issue where user folders were not deleted when a user was deleted.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>
        </section>


        <!-- <section conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/section-relnotes-evoq"></section> -->
        <section id="section-relnotes-evoq">
            <!-- <ph conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/ph-prodver-evoq"></ph> -->
            <title>DNN EVOQ <ph id="ph-prodver-evoq">7.2.1</ph></title>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-contentbasic"/> -->

            <!-- <sectiondiv conref="relnotes-2014-jan-21.dita#top-relnotes-2014-jan-21/sectiondiv-relnotes-content"></sectiondiv> -->
            <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-content">
                <p>DNN EVOQ CONTENT</p>
                <ul>
                    <li>All updates included with DNN Platform 7.2.1.</li>
                    <li>Implemented new functionality that allows users to open and edit Office documents on the server from the File Manager.</li>
                    <li>Implemented new functionality that allows users to set the root folder in the File Manager.</li>
                    <li>Implemented new functionality that allows users to share links to a folder or tag.</li>
                    <li>Implemented new functionality where if a File Manager is added to the profile page, the documents are filtered per user.</li>
                    <li>Implemented various performance enhancements in the File Manager.</li>
                    <li>Enhanced the user switcher functionality so that it can also be used by administrators (not only super users).</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where only system administrators were able to approve documents in the File Manager.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where the update and cancel buttons did not close the pop up in the MyModules module.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where large files were not being uploaded to the File Manager.</li>
                    <li>Fixed issue where modules were still being shared after a site was removed from a group.</li>
                </ul>
            </sectiondiv>

            <!-- <sectiondiv id="sectiondiv-relnotes-engage"/> -->
        </section>

    </body>

</topic>
