<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA General Task//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/generaltask.dtd">
<task xml:lang="en" id="myID">

    <title>Create the Package</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Create the Package</navtitle>
    </titlealts>


    <taskbody>

        <section>
            <p>For easier distribution and installation, the components of an extension (theme or module) can be bundled into a package. An extension <term>package</term> is simply a zip file that contains all the files required by your extension. The most important part of the process is creating the <term>DNN Manifest</term>, which provides information required by the installer, such as the target locations for the files.</p>
            <p>If you use the DNN templates and compile in Visual Studio, the Release build creates the zip file for you.</p>
        </section>


        <steps>
            <step><cmd>Prepare your files in folders.</cmd>
                <info>
                    <ul>
                        <!-- <li><a href="/design/ref-ContentsThemePack.dita">Layout templates, containers, and associated files</a></li> -->
                        <!-- <li><a href="/dev/ref-ContentsModulePack.dita">Modules and associated files</a></li> -->
                        <li>Files that are common among all packages:
                            <ul>
                                <li>(Optional) <codeph>MyLicense.txt</codeph> is displayed to the user during package installation.</li>
                                <li>(Optional) <codeph>MyReleaseNotes.txt</codeph> lists the changes for the current version of the package and is also provided during installation.</li>
                            </ul>
                        </li>
                    </ul>
                    <note type="tip">The license and release notes are HTML files, so you can include special offers, including a call to action and other details.</note>
                    <note type="remember">Include the version number of your extension in the release notes.</note>
                </info>
            </step>

            <step><cmd>Create the <xref format="dita" href="/common/Extensions/ref-DNNManifestSchema.dita">DNN Manifest</xref>.</cmd></step>

            <step><cmd>Zip up your files, including the DNN Manifest in the root folder.</cmd></step>
        </steps>

    </taskbody>


    <related-links>
        <link format="dita" href="./tsk-InstallExtension.dita"><linktext>Install an Extension</linktext></link>
        <link format="html" scope="external" href="http://www.dnnsoftware.com/services/professional-training/training-videos-subscription/skinning-5-packaging"><linktext>DNN Professional Training video: Skinning 5: Packaging</linktext></link>
    </related-links>

</task>
