<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="top-about-modules">

    <title>Creating Content with Modules</title>
    <titlealts>
        <navtitle>Creating Content with Modules</navtitle>
    </titlealts>


    <prolog>
        <author>wrET,orLY,edET,1605</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
        <metadata>
            <audience type="other" othertype="content manager" job="other" otherjob="aggregating" />
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Platform</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="8" release="0"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Evoq Content</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="8" release="3"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
            <prodinfo>
                <prodname>Evoq Engage</prodname>
                <vrmlist><vrm version="8" release="3"/></vrmlist>
            </prodinfo>
        </metadata>
    </prolog>


    <body>

        <section conkeyref="k-bptext/section-prodavail-PCE"></section>

        <section id="aboutmodules">

            <p>Modules are a type of extension that provides you with additional functionality on your page. The container associated with a module determines how it is displayed.</p>

        </section>

        <section>
            <title>Using Modules</title>

            <p>You can add a module to a page:
                <ul>
                    <li>As an independent instance. The new module instance is not affected by configuration changes made to other instances of the same module type.</li>
                    <li>As a reference to an existing module instance. If the module instance is reconfigured, even from another page, those changes will also be reflected on your page.</li>
                </ul>
            </p>

            <p>Each module on a page has its own action menu that allows you to configure the module and its behavior. Action menus are displayed when the page is in <uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> mode.</p>
            <ul>
                <li><uicontrol>Edit</uicontrol> menu (pencil icon)</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Manage</uicontrol> menu (gear icon)</li>
                <li><uicontrol>Move</uicontrol> menu (four-arrow icon)</li>
                <li>Custom menus specific to the module</li>
            </ul>

            <p>Depending on module settings, site users could print, tag, and subscribe to the module's content.</p>

            <p>DNN includes these modules which enable you to create content directly in DNN:
                <ul>
                    <li>The <uicontrol>HTML</uicontrol> and <uicontrol>HTML Pro</uicontrol> modules allow you to enter static HTML text into your page.</li>
                    <li>The <uicontrol>Publisher</uicontrol> module allows you to create articles, such as announcements, news, and press releases.</li>
                    <li>The <uicontrol>Module Creator</uicontrol> enables a developer to create simple modules with custom functionality. (Requires administrator permissions on a local installation.)</li>
                </ul>
            </p>
            <p>You can also crowdsource your content by adding a <term>Social</term> module (e.g., <uicontrol>Blogs</uicontrol>, <uicontrol>Journal</uicontrol>, or <uicontrol>Wiki</uicontrol>) to a page in your site.</p>
        </section>
    </body>

    <related-links>
         <link format="dita" href="../included-modules/included-modules.dita"><linktext>Included Modules</linktext></link>
    </related-links>

</topic>
