<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8" standalone="no"?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "http://docs.oasis-open.org/dita/v1.2/os/dtd1.2/technicalContent/dtd/topic.dtd">
<topic xml:lang="en" id="tsk-bp-themedef">

    <title>Boilerplates</title>

    <prolog>
        <author>wrET,1601</author>
        <copyright>
            <copyryear year="2016"></copyryear>
            <copyrholder>DNN Corp</copyrholder>
        </copyright>
    </prolog>

    <body>

        <!-- <p conkeyref="k-themedef/pane"></p> -->
        <p id="pane">A <term>pane</term> is a section of a webpage that displays static content, dynamic content, or a standard theme object.</p>

        <!-- <p conkeyref="k-themedef/layout"></p> -->
        <p id="layout">A <term>layout template</term> defines where panes are located on the webpage and what each pane contains. The layout templates included in a theme are variations that the web designer can choose from for each page in the website, such as the home page, a gallery of photos, or a listing of products for sale.</p>

        <!-- <p conkeyref="k-themedef/container"></p> -->
        <p id="container">A <term>container</term> is similar to a layout template, except a container's scope is a single pane, whereas a layout template's scope is the entire page. A container is associated with a <term>module</term>, which can generate dynamic content or perform other functionality.</p>

		<!-- <p conkeyref="k-themedef/panerules"></p> -->
		<p id="panerules">
			<ul>
				<li>The layout template must contain one or more panes. A container has exactly one pane; additional panes are ignored.</li>
				<li>Exactly one of the panes must be called <codeph>ContentPane</codeph> (case-insensitive).</li>
				<li>Each pane must have a name that is unique within the page.</li>
				<li>All panes must be defined as a server control by adding <codeph>runat="server"</codeph> to the element.</li>
				<li>A pane can be one of the following HTML elements: &lt;td&gt; (table cells), &lt;div&gt;, &lt;p&gt;, and &lt;span&gt;.</li>
			</ul>
		</p>

    </body>

</topic>

